Solved issues in configuration files (#1457)
ESMValGroup/ESMValCore: doc/quickstart/configure.rst

``${HOME}/.esmvaltool``

The following shows the default settings from the ``config-user.yml`` file
with explanations in a commented line above each option. If only certain values
are allowed for an option, these are listed after ``---``. The option in square
brackets is the default value, i.e., the one that is used if this option is
omitted in the file.

.. code-block:: yaml

  # Destination directory where all output will be written
  # Includes log files and performance stats.
  output_dir: ./esmvaltool_output

  # Directory for storing downloaded climate data
  download_dir: ~/climate_data

  # Disable automatic downloads --- [true]/false
  # Disable the automatic download of missing CMIP3, CMIP5, CMIP6, CORDEX,
  # and obs4MIPs data from ESGF by default. This is useful if you are working
  # on a computer without an internet connection.
  offline: true

  # Auxiliary data directory
  # Used by some recipes to look for additional datasets.
  auxiliary_data_dir: ~/auxiliary_data

  # Rootpaths to the data from different projects

>   # This default setting will work if automatic downloads are enabled via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # This default setting will work if files have been downloaded by the esmvaltool via
```
This setting will work after you have downloaded the files required for running a recipe by using the `--offline=False` command line argument just once. For subsequent runs, the argument is not needed when you set this like this.

To clarify this further: when running the tool with `--offline=False`, the rootpath and drs settings will not really be used, only to check if existing data is present, but there is another check if the files that will be downloaded are already present locally. This is to make sure that even if you do not set this path the same as the download path, the previously downloaded files can still be found.

  # ``offline=False``. Lists are also possible. For site-specific entries,
  # see the default ``config-user.yml`` file that can be installed with the
  # command ``esmvaltool config get_config_user``. For each project, this can
  # be either a single path or a list of paths. Comment out these when using a
  # site-specific path.
  rootpath:
    default: ~/climate_data

  # Directory structure for input data --- [default]/ESGF/BADC/DKRZ/ETHZ/etc.

>   # This default setting will work if automatic downloads are enabled via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # This default setting will work if files have been downloaded by the esmvaltool via
```

.. code-block:: yaml

   # Directory where results are stored
   output_dir: ~/esmvaltool_output

   # Directory for storing downloaded climate data
   download_dir: ~/climate_data

   # Auxiliary data directory (used for some additional datasets)
   auxiliary_data_dir: ~/auxiliary_data

   # Run at most this many tasks in parallel [null]/1/2/3/4/..
   # Set to null to use the number of available CPUs.
   # If you run out of memory, try setting max_parallel_tasks to 1 and check the
   # amount of memory you need for that by inspecting the file
   # run/resource_usage.txt in the output directory. Using the number there you
   # can increase the number of parallel tasks again to a reasonable number for
   # the amount of memory available in your system.
   max_parallel_tasks: null

   # Disable the automatic download of missing CMIP3, CMIP5, CMIP6, CORDEX,
   # and obs4MIPs data from ESGF by default. This is useful if you are working
   # on a computer without an internet connection.
   offline: true

   # Log level of the console

>    log_level: info

Reviewer: It would be nice to have the available options listed here, with square brackets around the default, as was previously the case

   # Exit on warning (only for NCL diagnostic scripts)? true/[false]
   exit_on_warning: false

   # Plot file format? [png]/pdf/ps/eps/epsi
   output_file_type: png

   # Remove the preproc dir if all fine
   remove_preproc_dir: true

   # Use netCDF compression true/[false]
   compress_netcdf: false

   # Save intermediary cubes in the preprocessor true/[false]
   save_intermediary_cubes: false

   # Path to custom config-developer file, to customise project configurations.
   # See config-developer.yml for an example. Set to None to use the default
   config_developer_file: null

   # Get profiling information for diagnostics
   # Only available for Python diagnostics
   profile_diagnostic: false

   # Rootpaths to the data from different projects (lists are also possible)
   # these are generic entries to better allow you to enter your own

>    # For site-specific entries, see below

Reviewer: The site specific entries are not shown below, the previous text was more clear. Also, I liked in the previous version that this setting was near the top, as it is much more relevant to most users than e.g. the ability to save_intermediary_cubes

Author: I just copy-pasted this from the actual `config-user.yml` file because I think these entries should be identical. Do you agree with that? If not then I will simply not touch this file at all in this PR.
